chore: Add more information to the readme on how to override the values (#4)
hipagesgroup/chart-hyperopt: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- 

How was this change tested?
(Please explain how this patch was tested. E.g. unit tests, integration tests, manual tests, right now, the best way to 

> test is using the kube environemnt available to you, the following steps help you execute a test with default values)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test is using the kube environment available to you, the following steps help you execute a test with default values in  a docker-for-desktop environment)
```

How was this change tested?

> (Please explain how this patch was tested. E.g. unit tests, integration tests, manual tests)

Reviewer: did you mean to change the template?

Author: yes
